Today on Nerd Out, strike finance.
[Music]
Welcome back to Nerd Out, the show where
we take a look at Cardano, we break it
down, but we don't dumb it down. Today,
we're going to be talking to one of the
developers at Strike Finance, Sean. Uh,
sorry, Sha Yu. Uh so let's invite him up
to the stage. Welcome Sean.
>> Hey everyone. Thanks for having me man.
I'm super excited to come on here and
talk about Strike.
>> Yeah. No, Strike is one of the hottest
things going on Cardano right now. So
it's been uh it's been a little bit of a
long time coming. I've wanted to get you
on the on the show for a while to talk
about um you know how you're building,
what you're doing, what's coming next.
Um so lots of questions uh that I'll
have for you. tell us a little bit about
yourself and kind of maybe how you got
involved with Cardano development.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Um, so I've been developing
on Cardono ever since 2021. I think our
uh I was first an intern at a Cardono
project named Snapia where they were
funded I think from fund nine through
fund 10. We had a few proposals. I went
from being an intern there to a
full-time software developer and towards
the end I was the I was the lead
developer for a few of the projects. Um
I can briefly go over what kind of
projects you build. We I think we built
the first quadratic voting solution on
Cardano. We open sourced it. It was
built in um Plutus the good old days.
Mhm.
>> And then you also built a bug bounty
platform where anyone can, you know,
post bugs or things they want to get
built essentially for the platform. And
um the we built a smart contract for
that and also people were paying to have
those you know um tasks to be built in
Cardono Cardano um ADA or CNTs. After
that, um, built a Discord bot centered
around SSI
and just governance in general. So you
can spin up voting rounds within your
district channel and you can white
whitelist token only allowing people
with that hold your your project's token
to vote and um it was integrated with um
SSI to just you know also ver issue a
verifiable credentials whenever people
place a vote
>> and so so like what got you into
blockchain development originally like
what what made you start looking at this
particular industry?
Oh, I guess it's I share a lot the same
story as everyone else. We were just
back home in COVID just going on YouTube
and then one day I just see this guy
Charles Hoskinson just talking about
blockchain you know you know in front of
whiteboard and then um yeah that's how
that's to be honest that's literally how
I got into first ever heard about
blockchain and then like I didn't know I
was going to work in the blockchain
industry but when the time came like um
in Stampia we're debating about our next
venture like um
>> and we were debating on what chain to
build on. I just recall Charles Hosk. I
was like, "Dude, we got to build on
Cardano."
>> And um that's cool.
>> Yeah, that's Yeah, that's how uh I first
got into it.
>> Awesome. So, eventually you landed at at
Strike and tell us a little bit about um
Strike Finance, kind of what was planned
and where we're at today. So I know I I
read through the light paper from back
in the day and it mentions three
different kind of financial instruments.
It had you know forwards, it had options
and then it mentions perpetuals and
perpetual futures. So kind of take us
through the evolution of of how that has
gone.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh I think we did our first
Twitter post like literally September of
last year or August and then um you know
we were marketing we were building we
launched test net and the first product
we released was our
>> fords
>> and well to be honest we didn't get
really too much volume on that we got
around like 50 200k AD of volume in like
um two three months of operation.
quickly explain what a forward is for
people that aren't defiant.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's it's an contract where
you enter with another party. So
essentially P2P uh contract where you
agree to buy or sell an asset at this
price uh at a specific date in the
future. So let's say you have 100 ADA,
you wanted to sell it for 50 USDM, you
know, two months from now. someone else
will enter into this contract with you
and for two months from now no matter
what the price of ADA is at that time
you will have to sell 100 of it 450 USDM
to that other person
>> um yeah that's essentially what the
forward is after that we around three to
four months after that that's when we
released our perpetuals
>> after releasing our perpetuals we
realized you know um there was no more
there was really no reason for us to
continue supporting the fords people
weren't really will really wanting to
use it. It wasn't just a it it was just
not a good product.
>> And then we wanted to focus solely on
our perpetuals. And you also mentioned
um options. We yeah originally we really
wanted to release a suite of um just
defy instruments that people can use on
Cardano but just after seeing the
attention we got and just the pure usage
for our perpetuals uh we just thought it
wouldn't have made sense to us for us to
you know diverge our focus and build
another product. We should just explain
on the perpetuals just this is a really
interesting story you're telling because
it's it's very common among startups to
have several pivots before they nail
product market fit. And it sounds like
you did that and then once you found it
it's like well it doesn't make sense to
run off and do this other thing in the
plan. So I mean that's that's really
interesting and I think it's important
for developers to to see that and remain
flexible um in the you know due to
market forcers and and whatnot and user
demand. So that's that's a really cool
story. Um so tell us a little bit about
um you know V1 perpetual futures and and
kind of where you came from and where
you're at like get into the the gritty
details like what is the platform built
on? What are the smart contracts built
on? All of that stuff.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um so our smart
contract is built using icon. Of course
it has to.
>> Um do we we use a batcher model? Uh but
for that uh I want to say um I should
probably just go over a high level
overview of how like our V1 works.
>> In our V1 essentially you have two
different parties. The LPS that provide
liquidity for the pool and the traders.
the LPS and traders, they're essentially
just taking the opposite trade of each
other. Um, if
uh if the traders take a loss, all the
profits or all the losses that the
trader occurs, all those profits goes
towards the LPS. And if the traders, you
know, gain a profit, you know, or they
successfully place a trade and, you
know, the market moves in their
direction, the profits comes from the
LPS LP. essentially the LPs lost money.
>> So,
>> so it's kind of a balance between the
the people
>> betting on a price to rise versus a
price to fall and then the LP holders
kind of take the opposite side of the
way it goes as well.
>> And if you think of this as a gambling
house, the LPS are basically the house.
We have the like 100% of the liquidated
collaterals and losses goes towards the
LPS. And we also have this thing hourly
borrow hourly borrow fee where a trader
has to pay every hour in order for their
position to be open. And this this
hourly borrow fee is what really tips
the edge over to the LPS making sure
they do you know um earn a profit over
the long run. there there will be days
where weeks where you know up their
suffer loss and we have actually seen it
uh recently with um everyone just taking
a long position on strike while and you
know it'll pump 50% thank god finally
and then um
uh yeah LP just suffered a loss but o
over the long run this this month LPS
even with just meteoric rise of ADA LP
and everyone taking a lot of positions
LPS has earned roughly uh last time I
checked 450k ADA this month, but um
they're they're still down a bit um from
from the last last last rise, but um uh
I do believe over and it it over the
long run the LPs will will come out.
>> Yeah. So, I mean, I've I've used the
platform myself. It's it's a ton of fun.
Um congratulations on having uh a really
neat system built for it. Um so, you
said you used Iiken. Tell me a little
bit more about the stack of the the
website and the front end etc.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh so Nex.js Michelle
in in in the front end just um we do
have a backend server running our
batchers. So we do actually use the
batcher model and then um
>> and then yeah I I want to just give one
minute to shout uh talk about our
batcher here like our um our developer
from Taiwan new t he's super active in
um the blinks labs digital channel as
well he's a awesome gold developer he
built our he basically built our
offchain infrastructure our batcher and
um like it once handled like when it
once handled like a hundred
transactions,
hundreds of transactions in in in a few
minute. And that's just with using TX
chaining and
>> incredible.
>> Yeah. And then um like sometimes we're
we're sometimes a little bit buggy this
part but um when if you close your
position sometimes sometimes not most of
the time but sometimes you will receive
your ADA or or your stack or your asset
in your wallet immediately
>> because we do monitor the meme pool and
once that's in we'll just you know send
it out directly but that's sometimes
sometimes not but um
>> and I assume you're you're also u you
know resubmitting any transactions when
there's a blockchain roll back and and
other stuff like that.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes. Of course. Of course. And
um we have run ran into a few times
where um you know we submitted a
transaction a TX ID came back and then
um you know we were updating it in the
front end but uh people open were open
up Discord chat saying hey how come I
never got my ADA or hey how come my
transaction never landed on chain? Um we
we were having that trouble a lot in the
in the beginning but um I'm glad it has
since been fixed at least
>> because nobody has brought it up yet.
But um thank god it's kind of it because
it was really frustrating in the
beginning. Hey, I got this TX ID.
>> Why is it uh why is it not on chain or
Yeah.
>> or sometimes we got just where it's
stuck in the main pool for like days and
then um I'm not sure what to do about
that.
>> Yeah, we had um back in the early days
at Drip Drops when I wor when I well
when I built their system, we did
something similar. We transaction
chained a lot and so everybody that was
wanting to get tokens out of one bucket,
we would just chain the transactions one
after another and you know we would
build up to megabytes worth of
transactions that needed to go on chain
and it would take hours and one little
roll back of the chain
>> and we'd lose our whole stack and so
you'd have to just reinflate the the
mele. It was
>> crazy. Um, but those learnings I I'm
glad they've, you know,
those those things like they're known
now. They're known that that off-chain
infrastructure needs to handle those
kinds of things. So that's really cool.
>> Um, so you guys are based on the
essentially betting on the price of ADA
>> in terms of dollars. uh what do you use
for like any type of Oracle solution or
or what where do you get your price
feeds from?
>> Um so it's an in oral solutions that we
built
ourselves. Um we really wanted to
partner with a third party Oracle
solution but um just when we were
launching the current the current
solutions on Cardono couldn't really fit
our use case. It was either just like
too slow or too too expensive. But um I
can briefly talk about how we're
building our oracle um or how how we're
pulling the prices. It's
>> it's
um three major exchanges um
>> Gate
uh Binance and then um Kraken which just
an aggregate um prices from all those
three and of course you got to add the
good things about uh you know if one of
those goes down and it returns a zero it
shouldn't mess up with the other ones
you know all those good things.
>> Cool.
Yeah. Um, so tell me a little bit. I
know you guys are still working on uh
new options for the perpetuals platform.
Uh, tell us kind of where you're going
in the future.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh,
uh, the most exciting thing that it's
it's we're building out our V2 right
now. It's um, most of the designs are
done. We've submitted like our first
commit commit to main like a few days
ago on our V2 branch. Uh I'm sorry on V2
repository and then um no I also want to
surface this our because our V2 will
take months to build like we hope we'll
build it before 2026 if not probably
like early
>> early early Q1 of 2026 like we will
still continuously make improvements to
our V1. There's still a lot of things um
we want to build on in our V1
>> um like opening and closing a position
in any asset you want
>> things like that. And then um yeah for
our V2 it's
like our V1 architecture is basically
the LPS versus the um traders and we we
had to resort to this because um
uh the transactions on Cardano is a bit
too slow for an orderbook model and it's
it'll be a bit too hard for you know
heavy market makers to actually fulfill
these orders. So that's why we had to
come up with we had we had to use the LP
versus the trader model. But for our V2
um you'll be moving a lot of the
a lot of the infrastructure offchain we
will we will have the transaction
finality onchain but the order order
matching engine the liquidation engine
um
>> these things will mostly be offchain and
this is what will allow us to build a
all v2 on order book model.
>> Okay cool. Um
yeah, anything anything else you'd you'd
like to share or um talk about?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, so so for our V2 like um
for an order bulk model you will need um
you know marketer makers of course but
what we will do is allow people to
delegate funds to us and we will market
make on their behalf and um LPS from V1
sorry we have the ability to pour over
their um LPS from V1 to V2 and we'll
just simply market make on their behalf.
Um, also this model really cuz right now
the LPS there there's risk to it like
when when everyone takes a long position
and the price just goes up like you do
suffer a loss
>> and it's not risk-f free but for our V2
like I'm really confident and like this
is a black swan event like it's
basically just free yield like you're
you're just fulfilling people's order
and you're earning the spread. So
there's there's really no risk
>> for you in it. Of course, I shouldn't
say everything anything in crypto is
risky. But um
>> yeah, you'll be relatively really less
risky than providing LP in L1 um V1. And
granted um the yield that you'll
generate will will not be as much as you
can possibly do in V1. So it's just uh
you know different people people have
different risk appetite but for our V2
it will just be a lot more safer but um
the yield will just be generally less
and with an order book model we we are
no longer constrained by people's
liquidity because right now um if you
want to open up a bitcoin perpetual
contract in our v1 people need to supply
bitcoin to our platform you and people
if you if you want to open up salana you
need provide salana liquidity Mhm.
>> Without we want we won't need that. We
we we just need USDM people deposit USDM
to us
>> and we'll simply just market make these
orders and fulfill these orders and in
spread and it can be any asset you want
and this is something we are like okay I
brought up any asset we want
like we can technically have preipo
companies assets literally anything you
can think that has a price tag on it we
will be able to do perpetual shading on
it. And this is the direction that we
want to go. Like perpetual trading on a
predictions market. Like it sounds
crazy, but like you can 10x your shares
on a predict predictions market on
strike. And um this is something that
will like we'll be able to do in RV too.
So I'm super excited about that. Just
>> very cool.
>> Yeah, just perpetual anything. Um that
that's a new term that's came out of
Twitter recently. Just perpetual
anything. And um yeah, I'm super excited
about V2.
>> No, I'm I'm I'm pleased to hear you kind
of, you know, a lot of times founders
and and devs will get stuck on their
original vision and they they won't
pivot when a pivot makes sense. And and
I want to congratulate you guys on, you
know, finding your product market fit
and just really going all in on on
perpetuals, what's working, and uh you
know, give the give the people what they
want. Um, so with that, I will uh get
ready to sign off here, but I want to
thank you again for coming on the show
and for sharing a little bit about
Strike, a little bit about where you
guys are going. Um, again, thanks for
coming on.
>> Thanks for having me. And with that,
nerd out.
[Music]