Hello, hello, hello ladies and
gentlemen. Welcome, welcome, welcome.
Today I am joined by a very special
guest, none other than the creator of
Strike Finance, Shan. Nice to meet you,
man. Thank you for coming on. Can you
tell us a little bit about yourself,
your background, what inspired you to
create Strike Finance?
>> Yeah, man. Yeah, man. Um, yeah, a little
about me. I've been in control space
around like 3 4 years now. Got my first
touch into blockchain when during
everyone was at home just scrolling
through YouTube. Um, I've uh I've always
been a developer. I've been um before
Strike Finance, I've been a developer at
another um Kono project. I've helped
ship like multiple project for them and
then um after that I started Strike
Finance around June or July of 2024 and
it's actually been around a year now. Um
>> nice.
>> Yeah, man.
>> It doesn't feel like it's been that
long, man.
>> Oh, yeah. It's
>> It doesn't feel like it's been Does it
feel like it's gone by fast for you or
does it feel like it's taken forever?
>> No, no, no. Like it's fast. Like it's
already been a year, so it's kind of
crazy.
>> That is crazy. I actually just saw an
interview that you did like 11 months
ago and I was like, "Wo, I didn't even
realize it's been that long."
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's been a it's
been a pretty long journey. Yeah. Well,
like our first product was the forage,
you know, it didn't really get us that
much attention, but then after that,
that's when we released our perpetual
contract and that's what that's the
product that people that's, you know,
Billy started to using. Oh, yeah.
>> Driving a lot of volume and attention
towards Shrek. You know what what made
me build Shrek is just looking around
and seeing what's missing on in the
Cardano ecosystem. Pedro's trading or
the red was trading they account for
more than 70 80% of all blockchain
revenue
>> and that's that's crazy and when you
look around there's no such thing on
just yet. Yeah, that's what made me want
to that's what made me start strike.
>> You guys are killing it, man. I'm I've
been seeing some of the metrics you've
putting out and I'm I'm impressed. I'm a
bit of a strike maxi myself. Obviously
snack is my number one but there was a
quick there was a moment there when
snack wasn't doing too hot that strike
almost flipped my snack bag. I was like,
I don't know what I'm going to do here.
>> Oh, Snack is amazing. The Snack
community is amazing here. Hell, yeah,
man. I love Snake. I personally hold a
huge bag, too. And
>> I love I love Ramy. They're like huge
DeFi supporters. It's not only just
Snack. They like this. They support like
all other DeFi, um on Cardono. So, it's
amazing.
>> Okay. Well, then the next question, uh
what made you choose Cardano? Going back
to code, everyone's sitting at home
watching YouTube videos. I saw Charles
Oskson just standing in front of the
whiteboard just talking about what
blockchain is, what his vision for
Cardono is. And you know, that's what
initially draw me into Cardono. You
know, after building on Cardono for so
long, it's first thing the community.
Community is awesome. And the second
thing, the tech. The tech is good. Tech
is good. It's it's based on the UTX
model. And me as a developer myself like
when you when you build smart contracts
on the UTX model, you have these natural
guard values that just forces you to
think in a certain way to build your
smart contract in a certain way that
just, you know, removes a lot of the
common vulnerabilities that you see in
EVM chains. Now, now I'm not saying like
smart contracts, they're like perfect,
like there's no bugs, there's no
vulnerabilities. They are. They are.
They most definitely are. But just the
UTX model, they just it just forces you
to, you know, build your contract in a
certain way. I I I feel like it's
inherently more secure than EVM
contracts.
>> That's reassuring to me as somebody
who's zero experience with developing.
So, I like that answer. When you started
Strike, did you think it was going to be
this successful? What were your initial
expectations and goals? uh
you know um when you start a start over
a project of course you have to believe
in yourself you have of course you have
to think this is going to be the next
big thing the next billion dollar thing
so yeah right now I still believe you're
going there
>> I have to believe that Strik is going to
be one of the best if not the best
perpetual trading platform out there one
day but we're not there yet but you have
to believe that we no I have to believe
that we will so most definitely yes
>> I like it I like it okay um what's your
favorite food. Favorite food? Uh, so I'm
in Fujo right now. I was born in Fujo. I
grew up I was born in Fujo. I lived
there for like 6 years and I moved to
the States, but just a natural it's uh
it's a food originated from here, which
is just noodles with peanut butter. So
um like like those peanut butter jars
you see in like American grocery stores,
that's like literally what you cook with
it. Like you you melt it down with like
some water, like put a bunch of those
peanut butter, some water, some soy
sauce, some salt, some sugar, and then
you just mix it up with noodles. And I
eat it every single day. Almost every
single day.
>> That actually sounds delicious. I'm
going to have to check that out.
>> And you have to have like eggs with it.
You can't just, you know, you have to
have eggs, a little bit of onions,
sprinkle on top. You know, if you're
feeling fancy, put on some spam. But um
yeah, that's my
>> Oh, yeah. That's my That's my thing.
That's
>> I like it. I like it.
All right. Uh, could you walk us through
how perpetual trading works on Strike?
Yeah.
>> So, for those of you guys that isn't
familiar with what perpetual trading
are, essentially allows you to speculate
on an asset's price movement. So,
there's two positions you can take. A
long or short position. When you think
an asset will go up in price, you place
a long position. And when you think an
asset will go down in price, you place a
short position. And what usually comes
with perpetual trading is leverage. What
leverage is it's you essentially borrow
money from somebody else to increase
your position. Now this this money that
you borrowed whatever profit you earned
from this borrowed money you keep 100%
to yourself but whatever losses you you
know you you occur during this trade you
will have to pay as if that whole amount
is yours. So, let's say you take out a
10x leverage, you might have like a 10x
profit. If it if the market goes in your
direction, but it also goes the other
way around. If the market doesn't go
into your direction, you might have a
10x loss.
>> Okay. So, I've been hearing a lot about
the fees and I saw you explain it and it
made complete sense to me, but for any
of our viewers that aren't familiar with
it, I I figured I'd give you the stage
to explain that to them as well.
>> Yeah. So for perpetuals in regular
perpetual trading there's there's this
thing called funding rate which is
something that the long side pays the
short side and not necessarily the long
side pays the short side. So let's say
when a bunch of people are placing the
short position, the short position will
have to pay the long position or okay
>> if a lot of people are placing a long
long position the long positions will
have to pay the short positions and this
amount that they pay is it's not static
it change it's dynamic it changes based
on the ratio of the long versus short
position now on strike we modeled our
architecture based off of Jupiter and
GMX the way that we built our smart
contracts is there's no order book and
essentially it's two sides LPS versus
traders in this case we don't have
funding rate we have an hourly borrow
fee which no matter if you're long side
or short side you have to pay this fee
on strike we have a huge amount of um
people just opening up long positions
and very few people placing up short
positions and when this happens um I
mentioned there's two sides of this LPS
versus traders LPS essentially is the
people that's providing providing
liquidity for the traders to trade and
they're essentially taking the opposite
trades of the traders and to protect the
LPS and it's this lopsided trade where
there's like 90% longs to 10% short we
have to increase the fees that the longs
pay to to you know compensate for the
LPS this is like if you guys have trade
options contracts before near expiration
date the option contracts starts getting
super volatile you can potentially pay
super super high fees and that's just
the nature of it cuz during when it's
near expiration a lot of people wants to
buy this because they know it's
profitable and same thing here a lot of
people start placing lot positions
because they think it's going to be
profitable but when when we have this
lopsided trade we have to charge these
highly fees for the ops and I want to
state this here as well like those fees
we charge it doesn't go towards us we
just take a small percentage
of fees when people open up their
position 100% of it goes to LPS so it's
really to you
What's the dynamics between LPS and
traders?
>> Funding rate is typical for any trading
platform.
>> Yes,
>> correct.
>> But yeah. Yeah. In typical um perpetual
exchanges, it's called funding rate, but
on our side, it's an hourly borrow fee
because the source side actually never
actually gets paid. They they they will
still pay an hourly fee to to the LPS.
just that's just the nature of our model
cuz we are an LPS versus traders model
just like Jupiter and GMX but for
hyperlquid or centralized exchange it's
it's more like a traders versus market
maker or trader versus trader model so
that's why they have this funding
funding rate and for us it's an hourly
borrow fee
>> interesting okay I wasn't aware that
hyperlquid was different from Jupiter
that's interesting
>> yeah yeah hyperlid is pure order book
and Jupiter is we follow our model after
Jupiter where it's the full LP versus
traders model.
>> I like that. All right. Could you give
us any hints as to what assets might be
listed on Strike next? Can we expect to
see Dong or SH or anything outside of
Cardano? Maybe is Bitcoin in the works?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We like we want assets
that people want to trade.
Unfortunately, there's
>> not a lot of assets that people on
Cardano CNTs that people want to trade.
There's not a lot of those. But people
want to trade Bitcoin, people want to
trade Salana, people want to trade
Ethereum, people want to trade Doge, all
these interesting coins. I'm not saying
coins only are interesting, but it's
just like,
>> right,
>> it's not it won't generate as much
volume as these these other coins bring
them.
>> You need volume and demand.
>> Yeah. And so for this whole month, it's
just going to be us adding a bunch of
asset supports. We'll still ask CNTs.
will most like likely have it as like a
volatile section because um like some of
the CNT caps are just not not not super
high and it can get easily manipulated
and so um
>> you have to be careful of adding those
but um yeah for this whole month we're
going to be adding a bunch so be on the
lookout
>> that's exciting that's awesome I'm glad
I'm glad you I got you on September 1st
then
>> oh yeah oh yeah
>> so that way I could get that alpha
>> Oh yeah
>> okay um all right outside of Cardano
Do you have a preferred project or are
you a pure-blooded Cardano cultist like
myself?
>> What do you mean? Like a project I'm
building or a project that I just really
>> No, just just a something you like.
Maybe something you hold outside of
Cardano that's a decent sized bag or
anything like that?
>> I don't think I hold any tokens other
than ADA or Strike.
>> Okay.
>> That's fair.
>> Or CNTs to be particular. But um if
we're talking about projects, I would
say hyper liquid. They are they're
they're really a role model um for us
and not only us, it's the entire crypto
space. They're legit hunting D
centralized exchanges. They're they
bring a lot of spot volume. They're
bringing a lot of perpetual volumes on
chain. And not only that, they're they
spent 97% of their revenue towards
buybacks. Although it's not the same as
distributing back the funds. I think
they're supposed to constable but like
they're they're also spending a huge
percentage of their revenue back to you
know their community members and that's
something that's really you know I think
all all all defi start looking towards
>> okay
>> you know they're like 30% of all
blockchain generated volume if you
exclude exclude like ter or circle
they're 30% of everything and so that's
kind of crazy um we want to get there
>> a lot I mean you guys are doing pretty
damn I'm good. I've I've seen I've seen
the numbers. I think I I had to change
actually one of my questions because one
of the numbers got more impressive.
>> Yeah, man. Yeah, man. No, we're just
getting started. We're just getting
started. Again, I'm super grateful for
all the support so far.
>> All everyone that's, you know, using our
protocol so far, but yeah, we're just
getting started. We're so early. There's
so much more in the space. We're we're
like we're already working on our V2,
which is going to, you know, bring us on
the map on the entire blockchain
ecosystem, not just, you know, on
Cardano. And I'm super excited about
that.
>> Nice. Well, with a market cap of around,
at the time of writing the question, 47
million, the protocol generates insanely
high revenue, most recently ranking in
the top 30 globally for D5 protocols.
How high do you think Strike can reach
before the end of the bull market? And
are you aiming for number one?
>> Like I said, you have to uh as a founder
of a project, you have to believe, you
know, you have to be a little bit
egotistic, a little bit, you know, Mhm.
or confident to be exact um that you
will reach that and I sincerely believe
we will and um yeah the revenue we we
have right now like um it's it's split
between the LPS and the stakers and then
you know it's a strike platform um a lot
of it is from the LPS you know privity
and then traders getting liquidated all
those funds goes towards the LPS um the
open fees it goes to our strike and we
strike as a platform to distribute 100%
of it back to stakers. We are on track
to distribute nearly more than 3 million
in ADA this year and
>> nice
>> but Hyperlid does 3 million in revenue
per day and so that's what we want to
reach. We want to
>> yeah we we want to go so much higher.
It's just it's just the beginning.
>> Okay. I like it. I like I like the lofty
goals. I like the confidence. I like the
bravado. All right. So uh the incentive
for someone to hold strike. Can you
explain that to me? the utility behind
the token itself.
>> Yeah. So, a lot of a lot of DeFi
projects just try trying to come up with
like some weird weird or you know forced
utility for your tokens.
>> The way I see it is when you did ICO,
you're essentially doing fundraising and
whoever bought your tokens are
essentially your investors. So, you have
to do everything you can to make your
investors rich. So to put it simply
right now we're the only the thing we're
doing is we're splitting 100% of revenue
back to our um the stakers stakeholders.
We raised around 3.8 8 million ADA like
if we're going towards towards the
directory we're going within a year of
our you know
without accounting for the appreciation
in Shark tokens price all of our token
holders will be made full just by
staking our tokens in a year and that's
something I'm super proud of and so yeah
the the only utility for Strike to be
honest in my eyes is you get revenue you
got to re you got to share the revenue
of the platform
And you know the platform succeeds. If
this platform makes money, you'll make
money too. And that's the way I feel it
for a utility to a token. It's they're
like people hold your token, they're
invested. You have to make your investor
rich. That's it.
>> All right. So liquidity provisions and
staking are key features. How do users
participate in these? And what sort of
rewards or revenue distribution can they
expect?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So for stakers, it's more
passive. You you just say token, you get
a percentage of revenue gener platform.
for LPS it's not so passive but the
yield you might generate is way more
than if you were just staking. So um
yeah yeah it's it's for different people
with different risk profile. If you you
have a big risk appetite um you might go
and provide liquidity on our platform
sometimes
sometimes you might see the your the
liquidity deposit it dropped in volume
in price but then the next day it jumps
back up again. So um for for some people
they're okay with that. you know, if
they hold it for a long term, they'll
come out top. For some people, they
don't really like their, you know,
deposits going down in value. And so,
for that, I'd recommend to just stay
state and just hold.
>> I like I like having multiple options.
That's nice. And that can be done
directly through the website.
>> Yep. Yep. Definitely.
>> Okay. All right. This one I I was
personally interested in myself and I'm
sure that other people are as well. Did
you build strike all by yourself or do
you have
>> Definitely not. Definitely not. That
would be that would be amazing.
right? Yeah. So, right now we have five
full-time engineers, three people's
working on um our Strike V2 and me and
another engineer, we're maintaining our
V1, just making changes to it, updating
it. And as for our initial V1, we had
three engineers, which is and we we kind
of split the task on V1. For V2, we
onboarded um we onboarded to three
engineers from one of the largest
exchanges in Asia to help us build our
V2. And this is, you know, this is what
gives me confidence that we'll we'll
build a 4 V2 will put us on the map in
the entire blockchain ecosystem, the
team you have. And
>> yeah, it's awesome.
>> So, yeah, super excited. Super excited.
>> I like that. I like that. Do you listen
to music? And if so, what song do you
think you've listened to the most this
year?
>> Yeah. Um, when I was back in America, it
was it would be rap music. I'm from New
York and u it was during a time where
drill music was super popular. So, it
was a bunch of Sleepy Hollow, Pop,
Smoke, Rest in Peace. And then uh now
that I'm back in China, it's Chinese
songs.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Re has distributed significant amounts
of ADA back to the community. Do you see
this as a sustainable model?
>> Yes. And the reason for that is um first
off the team also have other revenue
sources from um the ADA state and our
our protocol get we get 100% of the
staking awards. knowing that team has
around
20 uh no 30% of tokens from the DAO. So
DAO from the DAO plus the team tokens.
We have just under 30% of the token and
we stake those tokens and so we're of
course we're not running off of nothing.
We we stake our tokens and we got the
rewards just like everyone else. And
this is what you know
>> incentivize aligns our interest
alongside the stakeholders. if we if we
make money like we'll earn those rewards
to restrict our strike we'll get a
percentage of the revenue and so I
definitely think it's sustainable like
we're back in profit right now from the
initial raise we're profit we're
profitable right now as well and so yeah
man I definitely think it it is
>> how has strike changed your life
>> significantly um so before this I was in
China before starting strike I was most
definitely most definitely going to be a
tattoo artist. I've been a
>> Okay.
>> I was a tattoo apprentice through all
throughout my high school years. That's
the thing I was going to do. But yeah,
one thing led to another.
>> That's pretty sick.
>> Yeah. One one thing led to another. And
I started Strike. And once I started
Strike, um cuz I I lived in New York.
New York is great and all, but um it's
not the best place for a young person
building a crypto project. And I was
like, maybe I need a change of scenery.
It's too hectic here. And so I moved
back to China. Yeah. But yeah, it's
changed my life to put it this study. It
it changed my life a lot. Yeah.
>> All right. I like it. Looking ahead,
what can you share with us about the
upcoming V2 release?
>> Yeah. For a farm V2, it's going to be a
pure order book model and so it's going
to we're going to have market makers
filling up people's orders. The fees,
it's going to be significantly
lower. We'll have near instant order
confirmation. Right now, if you place a
trade on track, you typically need to
wait like 20 to 30 second for everything
to finalize and you know make changes to
your position for just be near instant.
So, you can open a book and close the
position within a second. The cost the
cost is going to be significantly lower
because right now there's not going to
be an LP. It's going to be market makers
fulfilling people's orders and we won't
have to charge as much of a hourly fee
anymore. And not not only that, we can
support so much more assets right now.
If you want to list an asset on strike,
you need the underlying assets. So if
you want to list Bitcoin on strike B1
right now, we need Bitcoin on Cardono.
We don't technically have it right now.
We have, you know, bridged Bitcoin from
land chain, but it's not a lot of volume
and it just makes it a hassle. For our
V2, we don't need the underlying assets
and we can list nearly any asset we
want. Bitcoin, Salana, Ethereum, Doge,
anything we want. And we will offer it
at a really, really low fee.
>> Okay. Will the user interface be
changing at all with V2?
>> Oh, slightly. Just slightly. I I like
the way it looks right now. I think it's
clean. It's simple. It's easy to
understand. I played around with a few
other perpetual platform like some of
some of them makes it like super hard
to, you know, open up a position. Hard
to realize, you know, how much it
leverages. Like I try I played around
with UIDX like the way they had their
UIUX set up is a bit confusing or a bit
you know
>> a bit of chaos.
>> Um which is gonna add a few more things
to it. Um but it's not going to change
much.
>> Okay. So I I got I got one for you. When
you open or close a position or I guess
when you open a position you have take
profit and stop loss maybe as well. on
the chart. Sometimes on other platforms,
there's the little bar that shows you
your take profit or stop loss, and they
let you drag that if you want to change
it. I thought that that'd be kind of a
cool concept.
>> Okay, we recently added, we we actually
added like 2 three days ago of you
seeing your
>> stop loss and take profits um as lines
on the chart, but I didn't know that you
can drag it around and change the price.
I think that's something. No, it's
interesting. I think that'd be a cool UI
UI thing to add. It It'll be fairly
quick, too. So, I didn't know.
Interesting. Yeah,
>> I'm I'm glad I can contribute.
>> Okay. Uh so, what does the endgame look
like for Strike? What is your big
picture goal?
>> So, right now in within a one-year time,
we really want to be top three top three
perpetual protocol in the entire
blockchain space, not just Cardono. And
after that, we So, here's the thing. I
think I mentioned this in the beginning
of the interview. Perpetual shading are
is 70% of all blockchain revenue and
this isn't accounting for centralized
exchanges. If you adding centralized
exchanges, perpetual sharing probably
accounts for 80 maybe 90% of all
blockchain gener volume. And if you
think blockchain is going to be the de
facto platform for where financial
activities happen, then I think you
should also believe perpetual trading
will be the number one one financial
instrument in the world. So now with
that in mind, I think you should be able
to do perpetual trading on nearly
anything you can bring, you can put a
price tag on. So perpetious trading
gold, silver, preipo companies, stockax,
open AI, IPO companies, Google, Nvidia
or maybe even predictions market. And
this is we're we're actually building
this with bodega market to having
leverage um predict a leverage
prediction market where you know the
batch plays are leverage and just
perpety everything. Anything that has a
price tag on it, you should have
perpetual shading with it. And that's
that's kind of my vision for
Strike Finance, just doing perpetual
trading on nearly anything you can think
of.
>> Okay.
>> I think it just makes sense.
>> I like that about Bodega.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> As well. Bodega is one of my one of my
favorite Cardano project coming out
sooner than people think it's uh it's
coming out.
>> Nice. All right. Um, how to strike
integrate with the broader Cardano
ecosystem? Are there any partnerships or
collaborations in the works? Yeah, right
now it's I mentioned the thing with
Bodega where it's the joint project with
you know Shack Finance and Bodega where
people will be placing leverage bets on
Bodega and that's this is a partnership
that I think I'm most excited about I'm
most excited about because predictions
market they're they're also like a
rising kind of kind of platform that the
crypto crypto space is you know started
slowly getting into and perpetual
trading well it's
>> the fast. Well, it's actually one of the
fastest growing financial instrument in
the world and it started auto crypto
like 10 years ago which is crazy and you
know just combining these two of the
fastest growing products in the entire
crypto space and just combining these
two a lot a lot a lot of potential here
and something I'm like one of the most
things that I'm excited about most
excited about partnership this this
thing with bodega
>> I like it I like it that's exciting that
would be I I haven't seen anybody else
do that has done before perpetual.
>> We we've seen market yeah we've seen it
with I think with QYDX or GMX a platform
on Ethereum but they only did for one
bet and it actually didn't end so well
because their risk management wasn't
done so well but you know we we saw that
and we know we can improve upon that. So
yeah dude I'm I'm super excited about
this.
>> Okay awesome. All right. Uh, does Strike
currently do any marketing and do you
plan to in the future?
>> Marketing, here's the thing. Far Vine, I
feel like it's marketed towards people
on Cardono and a lot of people already
know us on Cardano. If you want to trade
perpetual, you most likely have us or
use this. So, as for marketing, you have
to try to go outside of Cardano. Try to
bring people from outside of Cardono
onto Cardono and use product. We aren't
super confident that our V1 will do this
cuz for V1 if you're Cardono native or
our our V1 is actually super competitive
with the pricing once you account for
you know swapping your ADA or CNTs to
you know USDC and place a trade on other
platforms swapping back and forth the
slippage on other platforms those apps
up and when you add those up like we are
actually kind of competitive but if
you're outside of Cardano you have to
actually swap chains swap your assets
onto into ADA and you use our platform.
Our fees aren't super competitive. We
aren't sure we'll, you know, attract any
new users. But for our V2, the fees are
going to be so low. The experience is
going to be so great that, you know,
we're confident we'll bring people from
other blockchains and that's the time
when we'll really push heavy on the
marketing side, on the growth side.
>> Okay.
>> In a volatile crypto market, how does
Strike manage risks for traders? Are
take-profit and stop-loss options
available? And what advice would you
give to new users?
Yeah, if you're trading perpetuals, the
only advice is just put a stop loss.
Just put a stop loss and you know, a lot
of people just don't put a stop loss and
they get liquidated. When you get
liquidated, you you don't actually lose
100% of your funds and you get
liquidated. There's usually like 5 10
20% of your funds left be like split
second before you get liquidated and you
just put a stop loss right above the
liquidation price. you save like 10 5 10
20% of your assets. So just just put a
stop loss. That's the that's the only
recommendation. Just put a stop loss.
>> As a prominent figure in the Cardano
community, what do you see as the
biggest opportunities and challenges for
DeFi on Cardano in the next year?
>> Opportunities. I think it's really
um RWAS. Well, we're seeing a lot of
interest in RWAs in into from other
chains. I think the challenge is it's
really just how do we build products
that attract new users? I saw this tweet
the other day where we have 1,600
catalyst proposals but less than a
thousand active wallets trading on
Cardono. So how do you change that? How
do you build products that to attract
new users? I think that's that's really
the challenge. How do you how do you
attract new users to Cardano? Not just
you know
building products for a thousand users
currently on Cardono. How do you attract
new people here? I think that's the the
challenge
>> answer. All right. Do you believe in
Bigfoot?
>> Bigfoot? Great question. I No,
unfortunately, but I do believe in UFOs.
>> Okay.
>> I think Bigfoot was was probably
man-made. Somebody just dressed up in a
costume. But UFOs though, aliens, they
most definitely do exist.
>> Now, do you think aliens come from space
or do you think they're under the ocean?
>> That's interesting. Definitely from
space. Definitely from space. You
probably higher intelligence. have all
these high tax. I most definitely do
believe in that. Or else it's be uh
super scary that we're the only we're
the only ones here,
>> right?
>> No, you have all those aliens. 100% they
exist 100%.
>> All right, I'll take that. I'll take it.
If you could give a price target for
Cardano, not financial advice, of
course, what would it be?
>> This year,
>> this bull market.
>> Oh, this bull market. I think I told you
all my assets are in CNT store ADA. So,
my hope is $10. That'll be like the
perfect spot. That'll just give me
enough sticking warts every single you
know epoch to just live really
comfortably and you know I can live a
little bit lavishly splurge a little
bit. But but yeah for if I'm be honest
like Cardano it's Cardano I really
believe it's really great. It's the best
in the industry. the UTX model h being
having the ability to build contracts on
top of the UTX model, having you know
the ability for people to run a stake
pool on a Raspberry Pi on a device this
small like these things are these things
stands for in my opinion these things
are you know what blockchain stands for
having anyone being able to buy a node
and you know having a secure dab with
the UTX model. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. The
tag is good. The tag is good.
>> Well said. Last question I got here for
you. If you could give one piece of
advice to aspiring builders in the
blockchain space, what would it be?
>> Oh, just just I think it's just
you just just keep building. If one of
your product fell, just, you know, pivot
and build again. Like our our first
product suck sucked ass. Like nobody
used it. You probably don't even
remember what our product was. And
that's exactly the point. Nobody
remembers it. So just just keep
building. Just keep building. I like it.
I like it. Awesome. Well, thank you so
much for joining me. I appreciate you
taking the time out of your day to chat.
I hope we can do this again soon. Maybe
when Strike is sitting comfortably
amongst the top 10 D5 protocols.
>> Thank you. Thank you. And thanks for
having me.
>> Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I appreciate it,
man. Hell yeah.
[Music]